Adding stop_replication action to ism documentation (#9371)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _im-plugin/ism/policies.md

Rollup jobs can be continuous or non-continuous. A rollup job created using an ISM policy can only be non-continuous.
{: .note }

### stop_replication

Stops replication and converts the follower index to a regular index.

```json
{
  "stop_replication": {}
}
```

When cross-cluster replication is enabled, the follower index becomes read-only, preventing any write operations.
This action can be performed before other write operations to manage replicated indices, in a follower cluster.  
For example, you could have a policy that runs stop_replication and then delete action on the index.

> **Note:** If security is enabled, in addition to the other required [replication permissions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/replication-plugin/permissions/#replication-permissions),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If security is enabled, in addition to [stop replication permissions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/replication-plugin/permissions/#replication-permissions), `indices:admin/plugins/replication/index/stop
`
```

> the user creating the policy on the follower cluster must also have this permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the user must also have this permission to use this action in ISM.
```

Rollup jobs can be continuous or non-continuous. A rollup job created using an ISM policy can only be non-continuous.
{: .note }

### stop_replication

Stops replication and converts the follower index to a regular index.

```json
{
  "stop_replication": {}
}
```

> When cross-cluster replication is enabled, the follower index becomes read-only, preventing any write operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When cross-cluster replication is enabled, the follower index becomes read-only, preventing all write operations. To manage replicated indexes on a follower cluster, you can perform the `stop_replication` action before performing other write operations. For example, you can define a policy that first runs `stop_replication` and then deletes the index by running a `delete` action.
```

Reviewer 2: Is there only one follower index? If not, change to "a follower index".

Reviewer 2: Also, should we define a follower index?

> This action can be performed before other write operations to manage replicated indices, in a follower cluster.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> For example, you could have a policy that runs stop_replication and then delete action on the index.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> **Note:** If security is enabled, in addition to [stop replication permissions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/replication-plugin/permissions/#replication-permissions), `indices:admin/plugins/replication/index/stop

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If security is enabled, in addition to [stop replication permissions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/replication-plugin/permissions/#replication-permissions), you must have the following permission in order to use the `stop_replication` action: 
```

> `

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> the user must also have this permission to use this action in ISM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> indices:internal/plugins/replication/index/stop

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
